SOCIAL MEDIA APP CONCEPT

The concept I have in mind for my social media app is essentially a way for users to post videos in a digestible fashion (such as TikTok, Instagram Reels) 
which showcases pets and other animal content. This app will not only contain animal content, 
but it can be used for those looking to put animals up for adoption, need a house-sitter/walker, wish to meet their animals with others or to simply ask advice/inquire an owner of a pet. 
The posts will be viewed in a portrait style, user can scroll through the images/videos vertically with autoplay activated for video content.
The fundamental features of a social media app will be there, such as the ability to ‘like’ posts,
comment on them, send the URL of that post to others and the message to creator or any of the other users on the social media app. 

The unique selling point of this social media app is that it will display animal posts in a set distance,
which can be adjusted by the user, within the users feed. If the creator of the post consents it within the option of their post, 
a user will see an “Available” (subject to change) appear at the bottom of the post. 
This means that the user can swipe/drag the post sideways, to open a new page that allows said user to enter discussion about walking said pet,
visiting the pet, meeting the pet with others, adopting the animal, or simply to ask questions.
It will of course require a user to register a simple account in order the access the content, message, etc.
If a user wishes to access the features that will make the app unique, further information will be need to be uploaded to ensure that they are capable and safe.
Likewise, to the owner who will also require further submission of the animals detail if they wish to make use of the other features. 

The key frontend features are as followed: Register page, Login page, Logout page, Unsuccessful feature in relation to errors, 
Post page, Liking feature, Message page, Contact features, Upload Page which includes comments and multimedia content, Share features and a feed feature to showcase all content and display essential Navbar.
